For the project I made a flash game where you get to control a manatee.

Some of the main features include:
     - A title screen that slowly fades out over time that shows the title of the game.
     - Being able to move a manatee around the screen. Using the Up Arrow Key to increase speed,
       and left and right arrows keys to rotate left or right by an angle.
       The manatee's speed will automatically decrease when the Up Arrow Key is no longer pressed down,
       and is capped at 60 when only swimming around normally, but can be increased further by landing
       well on jumps (more on that later).
       The angle of rotation also becomes larger in magnitude as the manatee's speed increases.
     - Being able to jump out of the water and into the air and coming back into the water because of gravity,
       with the projectile motion's direction and speed being determined by the angle and speed coming out of the water.
       Also the speed at which the manatee comes back into the water is determined by the sin of the jump angle coming out, 
       the sin of the jump angle coming back in, and the initial speed at which it jumped out increased by a constant of 10,
       allowing the manatee to gain greater speeds than it would likewise by just swimming around.
       The Manatee is also allowed to turn to other angles that are different from the angle of it's parabolic motion.
     - Boundaries for the manatee: the manatee will bump back by a small amount from the ground if the manatee hits into the 
       seafloor at the bottom of the lower screen, and if the manatee goes offscreen on the right or left, he will come back 
       on the other side (going at the same speed and direction)
     - Three background screens to move between. The initial screen featuring half ocean and half sky, 
       the lower screen featuring ocean and the sea floor, and an upper screen featuring the sky.
       Background decorations including images of the moon, 3 starfish, a moving crab, a spinning Neptune, and ISS.
       Two thick sin shaped waves. One for the ocean waves and one for the line of the sea floor meeting the ocean.
    -  Text with information shown in the lower right hand corner about the current speed and altitude of the Manatee.

And here are some implementation details:
    - State of the game is recorded in one large record that at each time delta dictated by the fps function
      changes its value based on the Arrow Keys pressed down, window dimensions, and the time delta itself
      using a foldp function.
    - On each update to the state based on the foldp, there are functions to update the angle,
      speed of the manatee, check the vertical and horizontal bounds of the manatee, move the crab,
      change the title opacity, rotate the planet, and update the manatee's position. 
    - The jumping motion is implemented using the gravity equations in physics where:
         x distance = (x distance init) + time * cos(init angle) * (init speed)
         y distance = (y distance init) + time * sin(init angle) * (init speed) - (gravity constant) * (time ^ 2)
      And the the need for a jump is detected when the manatee swims above the ocean wave, and the jump ends when it is 
      detected that the manatee has moved below it again.
    - The game is rendered in 3 collages from list of forms, the background displayed depends on the current position 
      of the manatee. Images are imported in and moved into place. 
      The images are gotten from wikimedia.com and pinta was used to make their backgrounds transparent. 
      The ocean, sky, and sea floor are just colored rectangles, and the waves were generated by mapping list of ints from
      0 to width of screen to the cosine function scaled to get list of coordinates for the wave and then a path was made
      from those points of a certain width and height. 
      
A major change from the time part2 was submitted to the design of the game would be that rotation was used to move the manatee
with angle and speed variables in the state rather than just having the manatee move in different directions (8 possible) based on 
the Arrow Keys pressed down. (a left or right or nothing and a up or down or nothing) Better control this way.
And more range of motion for projectile motion when Manatee jumps out from the ocean.
Also the jump mechanics was originally implemented with just straight up velocity and change in the init angle at every time delta
and no acceleration, and the jump just looked awful and unrealistic.

Some Ideas that were considered but were not implemented due to lack of time:
	- A counter that shows the number of loops the Manatee has made in the ocean/air cause making loops is surprisingly fun.
    - When the Manatee hits the sea floor at a high speed, the game will go into heavily contrasted black and white opacity,
      the player will no longer have control over the manatee, and a giant red font "wasted" text will be shown 
      with the accompanying sound, if possible, in reference to the GTA games.
    - Making it possible for the Manatee to "urinate" when a key is pressed down, which would just be a yellow line that is drawn
      behind the manatee as it moves and fades with time. 
    - Making it possible for the  manatee to eat fish which would be placed in the ocean by swimming over them. 
      And the manatee would "grow larger" in a surreal way in which another manatee of another size would just be linked to its tail,  
      forming a linked list of manatees.
    - Have a pill placed somewhere in the air or ocean that when the manatee moves over, will change the background scenery to something
      psychedelic. Randomized to a bright scenery or a dark one depending on the trip. 
